inlusurror. 139

upon the gluss. Audis the gloss should be so thick thot you
cannot perceive the lines which ere upon the teble, taking
white gluss, druw upon it, and when it is dry place the thick
gluss upon the white, raising it against the light, end es you
look through it, so portiuy it. In the nme manner you will
mark out all kinds of gless, whether lor the fece, or iu
druperies, in hands, in leet, in the bordes, or iu whatever
'place you intend to place colours.

———-——-

CHAP'IER XVIII.

01³ DIVIDING unse.

Arrenwenns beet in the fire the dividing iron, which should
he thin throughout, bnt thicker et the end. When it glows
in the thick pert upply it to the glass which you wish to di-
vide, and preseutly the commencement of a small fissure will
appear. If, however, the gluss be hard, wet it with saliva,
with your finger, in the spot where you place the ir0n; being
instantly crecked, drew the iron along where you wish to di-
vide, and it is followed hythe fissure. All the portione being
thus divided, take the riesel iron, which is a palm in length,
curved at each extremity, with which you will equalizc and
join ell parts together, ecch one in its place. These things
being thus arranged, take the colour with which you should
peint the gloss, which you compose in this manner.

CHAPTER XIX.

01² THE COLOUR wrm wmcfl GLASS 18 ΡΔΙΝΤΕΙ).

Tus copper beaten thinly, hurning it in a small iron cup ’
until it is quite iu a powder, and teke particles ol green gless

 

