renasca. xix

much less au apostle, prophecy is placed in thesemo
rank as history; in Greece, they wear the nimbus and
are holy‚ their feet are bare, aud they are assimilated
to the Apostles.” “Until the eleventh century, Latin,
as well as Greek Christianity, fratemized with the J ew-
ish religion, but from the moment of the schism, con·
summated by Michael cerularius, this respect sensibly
diminished.”¹

Tha Reman Church, of which the head, Hildebrand,
afterwards Gregory VII, had, in the middle of the
eleventh century, matured the plan of au universal
power, the more frightsul because under the form of
an universal theocracy, would not he likely to tolerate
the progression and dissemination of a practico con·
trary to its dogmas; Dante did not appear until the
fourteeuth century.

M. Guichard remarks, with truth, that this treatise
belongs to a period of transition-“ de renouvellement
at de renaissance.” This character is pre-eminently
attached, as I have endeavoured to show, to the early
half of the eleventh century.

Who, and ol what country, was this artist Monk? is
a question which must still romain a problem. Lessing,
misled hy a resemblance of names, was inclined to at·
tribute tha authorship of the “Diversarum Artium
schedulffl to Tutilo, the Monk of St. Gall, who lived
at the close of the ninth century². Lessing has not
been able to seiza from the text of Theophilus a single
indication which militates in favour of this high antis
quity of the hook, and his argument reduces itself to
an analogy of proper names, this name also being very

¹ Didron, Marcel de llconog. erret, pp. rat, 134, 135.
² Voru Alter der Oelmahlerey, pp. 304, 828, 362,363.-12aspe.

bh

 

