annaneriorr.

OHAPTER xcvlrl.

01³ THE ivr ANI) ΟΡ LARB.

Ar your request, dearest brother, that Ι should discouree to
you of the ivy, which the poete aud artiste much loved‚ on
account ol the secret powers which they recogniaed it con·
tained within iteelf:—for the songs of poete, when they had
been recited in the theatre before an assembly of the Romans,
were accustomed to be crowned with ivy t-the ancient artiete
aleo invented many coloura from this, one of which, in
writing, Ι can show you. In the mouth of March, when planta
aud trees taire up their sap from mother earth, taire an auger
and perforate the small boughs of the iry in places, and a
gummy liquid will flow out from them, from which a blood
colour ie made, by aeething, which ie called lake. Seeth
therefore the gum liquor, which 1 have before mentioned to
you, in urine, and you will hare the blood colent, which ia
naeful in writings and pointings. From thie oleo the “per-
cie”¹ ie made, which ornaments rame end gootr’ ekine with
eroaeeolour. ·

CHAPTER XCIX.

01² Δ GRBEN COLOUR.

Sflounn one wish to make agreen colour fit for writing let him
take the green leaves of the plant which is commonly called
nightshade, and cerefully grind it upon a marble stone with
white chalk until they be quite liquid, und hest suited for the

purpose ol writing. This beingdone, dip a pen, or anoint a

pencil in this colour, and illuminate capital lettere which you
wish to omameut with the some colour. But hemme,

bhrother, that you do not put too much chalh with the juice ol
t e leaves.

¹ “phrenion'' ΟΜ Set nott. “Edere oo Lam?

 

